Ye Feifan, don't think you brought us in
I can agree to your marriage with Qian Yao
The life you owe us the Shen family is endless
What's extraordinary is not that you shut up
Where did you get so much nonsense?
Follow me to the doctor.
Don't waste your time here
Hey, is this where you sit?
Why can't I just sit here?
quiet
Welcome to our auction
I am also very clear about the purpose of your presence
Please follow the Tai Chi diagram.
This is the Tai Chi diagram rumor
Who can understand the secret of Tai Chi diagram?
You can break through the human realm
I don't know if it's true
Mom Taiji, I will definitely take it back.
The secrets of your Taiji diagrams should be laid down
I won't explain much in April or two
Now I announce that the auction is officially open
Taiji chart starting price 10 billion
12 billion
13 billion 20 billion
All heard
This Tai Chi diagram
Who does Shangjing Ye's family like?
If you want to challenge the authority of our Ye family
You can try it.